updating nf-core modules to topics (#277)
nf-core/variantbenchmarking: README.md

- Deduplication of variants ([bcftools norm](https://samtools.github.io/bcftools/bcftools.html#norm))
- Left aligning of variants([bcftools norm](https://samtools.github.io/bcftools/bcftools.html#norm))

### Ensemble (majority rule) approch to prepare truth variants:

> When a "Gold Standard" (a known, 100% accurate list of variants) is not available, you can create a Proxy Ground Truth by looking for agreement between different tools. This is known as a Majority Rule system.This method assumes that if multiple independent variant callers identify the same mutation, it is more likely to be a real biological variant rather than a technical error from a single pipeline. Only variants found by at least the minimum number of callers specified in your threshold are kept as the "truth" for the final benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a "Gold Standard" (a high-confidence, validated set of variants) is not available, you can create a Proxy Ground Truth by looking for agreement between different tools. This is Majority Rule approach  assumes that if multiple independent variant callers identify the same mutation, it is more likely to be a real biological variant rather than a technical error from a single pipeline. Only variants found by at least the minimum number of callers specified in your threshold are kept as the "truth" for the final benchmark.
```
